Convert "Local environment setup" section to RST (#297)
mautic/mautic-community-handbook: docs/contributing/developer/local_environment_setup.rst

.. vale on

Mautic requirements
*******************

#. See the `Mautic requirements <https://www.mautic.org/download/requirements>`_ page for details of the required PHP version, PHP extensions, database, and web servers
#. PHP modules (already included in DDEV and most AMP packages):

	* required: ``zip``, ``xml``, ``mcrypt``, ``imap``, ``mailparse``
	* recommended: ``openssl``, ``opcache`` / ``apcu`` / ``memcached``
	* recommended for development: ``xdebug``
#. Recommended memory limit: minimal 256 MB for testing and 512 MB or more for production
#. Recommended MySQL defaults. It can be set by running the queries ``SET GLOBAL innodb_default_row_format=DYNAMIC; SET GLOBAL sql_mode=(SELECT REPLACE(@@sql_mode,'ONLY_FULL_GROUP_BY',''));``

Installation
************

#. Open a terminal/console window
#. Change directory to the server root (for example, ``cd /var/www`` if your local server root is at ``/var/www``)
#. Clone the repository (``gh repo clone mautic/mautic``)
#. Change directory to ``mautic`` by running ``cd mautic``
#. Install dependencies with ``composer install`` if you are not using DDEV. If you're using DDEV, run ``ddev start``

> #. Open Mautic in a browser (probably at ``http://localhost/mautic``) and follow the installation steps

Author: **Questions:**

- After installing dependencies with `composer install` and open Mautic in a browser, do users need to follow other installation steps?
- Would every user get/use different link to open Mautic in `localhost`?

**Suggestions:**

- If there is no further steps after installing the dependencies, we can safely remove the "and follow the installation steps".

   ```suggestion
   #. Open Mautic in a browser (probably at ``http://localhost/mautic``)
   ```
- If all users should go to the same link for `localhost` (e.g. `http://localhost:3000/mautic`), we might want to define the link here, rather than stating "_probably at_ `http://localhost/mautic`"

#. If you're using DDEV, the installer sets up Mautic for you. Then you can access the instance at ``https://mautic.ddev``

Keeping up-to-date
******************

Source files
============

Each time you update Mautic's source after the initial setup/installation via a new checkout, download, git pull, etc., you need to clear the cache. To do so, run the following command:

 .. code-block:: bash

	$ cd /your/mautic/directory

	$ php bin/console cache:clear

.. vale off

.. note::

	If you're accessing Mautic through the dev environment via ``index_dev.php``, you must add ``--env=dev`` to the PHP command above.

.. vale on

Vendors
=======

.. vale off

Run ``composer install`` to ensure new vendors are installed and/or existing upgrades are made.

Database Schema
===============

.. important::

	Before running these commands, please make a backup of your database.

> If updating from `a tagged release <https://github.com/mautic/mautic/releases>`_ to a tagged release, Schema changes will be included in a migrations file. To apply the changes, run:

Author: **Questions:**

- Is "Schema" here a Mautic's term that need to be capitalized?
- Can we replace "a" to "another" as the below?

   ```suggestion
   If updating from `a tagged release <https://github.com/mautic/mautic/releases>`_ to another tagged release, Schema changes will be included in a migrations file. To apply the changes, run:
   ```

.. vale on

.. code-block:: php

	$ php bin/console doctrine:migrations:migrate

> If you are updating to the latest source (remember this is alpha), first run:

Author: **Questions:**

What does "alpha" mean here? Would audiences understand this term? If not, what should we say here instead?

.. code-block:: php

    $ php bin/console doctrine:schema:update --dump-sql

.. vale off

> This will list out the queries Doctrine wants to execute to get the schema up-to-date (no queries are actually executed). Review the queries to ensure there is nothing detrimental to your data.

Author: **Questions:**

I don't quite understand what we want to say here. Does this mean as follow?

```suggestion
The command lists out the queries that Doctrine wants to execute to get the Schema up-to-date. That way, no queries will be executed. Review the queries to ensure there is nothing detrimental to your data.
```

**Notes:**

I need your help to reword this.

.. vale on

If you're satisfied with the queries, execute them with:

.. code-block:: php

    $ php bin/console doctrine:schema:update --force

Your schema should now be up-to-date with the source.

Development environment
***********************

> Mautic downloaded from GitHub has the development environment. You can access it by adding ``index_dev.php`` after the Mautic URL. For example, ``http://localhost/mautic/index_dev.php/s/``. Or in case of CLI commands, add ``--env=dev`` attribute to it.

Author: **Questions:**

This line is kind of confusing.

- In my understanding, when folks want to access the development environment _on the local browser_, they can add `index_dev.php` to the end of local URL. But do they need to also add the `s/` at afterwards as the example? 

- Right after the above, we're talking about CLI. What I get from reading this as a whole, if folks download Mautic using CLI, they need to add `--env=dev` at the end of the local URL. How does this actually work? 

This might related with the line 68 above.
